hello YouTube universe this is hydrogen
engine 9 and today we're going to be
talking about this new phone called the
1+1 10 out of 10 the hype is real this
phone looks absolutely gorgeous I'm just
gonna say right now even if it is a
borderline phablet if not phablet it is
a gorgeous looking phone 5.5 inches but
still absolutely gorgeous virtually not
much bezel and whatever bezel it has
looks they just may they just have this
well-designed phone I usually can't say
that for many phones because many phones
even the HTC One mate I mean the MA or
the mate either or the HTC One m8 has a
very big black bezel and the front logo
they even dis that I think that's the
reason why they're called 1+1 it was
just a big middle finger to HTC I don't
know for I don't know for real but you
know they the phone just looks
incredible and apparently the back even
though even though it's not a metal it
still is a very premium and looks very
premium it makes the band-aid galaxy s5
look like a fisher-price toy in
comparison it just looks beautiful and
it does not have a microSD card which is
unfortunate but the 64 gigabyte version
costs as much as the nexus 5 16 gigabyte
version I believe it costs 350 dollars
for the 60 x 64 gigabyte version and 299
for the 16 gigabyte version if I got
those prices correctly and the phone it
seems really nice for the price the
specifications obviously match up its 3
gigabytes of RAM 1080p 5.5 inch display
33 thousand one hundred million power
battery and just just an incredible
camera at 13 megapixels
but I don't think there is any o is men
optical image stabilization i'm not sure
but apparently they're doing some kind
of software stuff instead and it it
seems to be working out really nice
because the the phone actually takes
really amazing pictures and this was the
main downfall of the nexus 5 the battery
and the fact that it takes pretty bad
pictures obviously it is a camera and
when given to a photographer no matter
what a good photographer can take a
picture with anything a great picture
with anything so obviously you can you
can say stuff like that but 0 for most
people the nexus 5 had a pretty bad
camera and pretty bad battery life and
the oneplus one actually has better
battery life an amazing camera I mean
I've just been astounded at how good the
low-light pictures look I don't know
whether this is real or not obviously
they haven't confirmed some stuff in
terms of pictures I don't know for sure
because it is the internet you know
don't believe everything you see in here
on the internet but this foam if those
pictures are real this phone has a
better low-light then maybe the HTC One
m8 and low light is the key factor for
the HTC One m8 it can't the camera can't
do anything else pretty good I mean it
takes all right pictures but the one
plus one really just dominates in camera
from what I've seen it looks amazing and
they've actually confirmed that they're
working with Yamaha for the for the DAC
and maybe an amp I don't know for the
amp will isn't confirmed but they have
confirmed that they're working with
Yamaha so that's good so and it's
running cyanogenmod with android 4.4
it's not kick hat I mean it is k cat but
is not stop kick at but you can easily
change it to stock if you want to so
there is always that and also
the cyanogenmod I believe it is 11s
cyanogenmod 11 s looks incredible it
really does it looks gorgeous it has
that kind of flat Windows Phone like
feel and it works pretty well the videos
that you see from all these people right
now this is the pre production unit this
is not the final release so cyanogenmod
will have different icons and different
features and they've even adds that this
phone is water-resistant like the Moto G
so they have a bunch of different
features and everything is all cool but
one but there's only one thing that they
that they haven't delivered on besides
the micro SD card and that's really
debatable because honestly I don't
really need it and it's 64 gigabytes so
long as cyanogenmod isn't like 20
gigabytes or something like that then
it's alright but they have not delivered
on their promise that the xperia z1 they
hinted they implied that the xperia z1
would it would it would be as big as
experience z1 with a 5.5 inch display
but unfortunately that did not end up
turning to be true and it is slightly
taller than the experience you one but
the width is actually slightly lower
than the xperia z1 so it is a tall phone
in comparison but the width is lower and
they have gotten that right which is
good which is good and that's really my
only complaint so far I haven't actually
used it but the phone looks amazing I
definitely recommend especially if you
want to get a new phone and you don't
want to get nexus 5 or even if you do
want to get a nexus 5 I recommend
checking this phone out and don't get a
galaxy s5 please don't get a galaxy's 51
in one plus one unless if the one plus
one is not available in your area or if
you can't get an invite if I do get this
phone I'll try and give out invites to
as many of you guys as possible and we
can share it out throughout the
community and stuff but if not
I then that's the only reason why you
should be getting a galaxy s5 or then
just get get a nexus or not even an HTC
One m8 just don't get a galaxy s5 it's
probably one of the worst phones in this
smartphone generation but anyway that's
a rant for another time I'll see you
guys next time